Sponsors
################

:slug: 2017/sponsors
:template: 2017/en/frontpage



Revel Systems
=============

**Revel’s Mission**

Revel seeks to disrupt and modernize the state of commerce by providing
businesses of every size the tools necessary to thrive.
 
**100 words about Revel:**
 
Revel Systems is a feature-rich business platform transforming the way business
is done by integrating all operations and customer channels, driven by the
Point of Sale, into a single dashboard.

Designed to maximize security, stability, ease of use, and service delivery,
Revel’s ecosystem replaces bulky, expensive legacy solutions with a quick,
intuitive iOS-based POS platform that combines cloud-based technology and the
mobility of the iPad.

We work with all businesses—from small merchants to global enterprises—looking
to modernize, future-proof their operations, and implement a system that adds
value through incremental revenue, cost reduction, and a better experience for
customers and employees.


KTU “Startup Space”
===================

KTU “Startup Space” was founded in 2012. The unique space offers access to
resources of Kaunas University of Technology and magnificent network for a
faster startup development. 

We are professionals intensively working with innovative startups. Our main
objective is to identify the potential of entrepreneurs and encourage them to
fulfil their dreams.

More than 50 startups have been established since KTU “Startup Space” was
founded. 

KTU “Startup Space” is an open community, we search for various partners:
mentors, experts, professionals who can contribute to Lithuanian startup
society by joining our strong community.

We don’t limit teams by any criteria; innovative startup ideas are always
welcome.


Programmers of Vilnius
======================

We are Programmers of Vilnius, a software development company that specializes
in web applications in Python, the Django Web framework, the Pyramid/Pylons
Project, the Zope Toolkit, and also Python micro-frameworks.

We offer consulting, as well as custom software development services.


Versada
=======

Versada kuria unikalius sprendimus, kurie padeda įgyvendinti verslo idėjas.
Mūsų klientai nebijo išeiti iš komforto zonos ir ieško naujų iššūkių. Tuo ir
esame panašūs. Todėl ir mūsų darbo rezultatas – toks, kuriuo didžiuojamės.


Strategic Staffing Solutions
============================

Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3) is a staffing and business services company
founded in 1990 to provide customized project solutions and staffing across
U.S. S3 International was established in Lithuania in 1999 to serve the
professional staffing and business process outsourcing needs for companies in
Europe. S3I has successfully delivered services to major international
companies and banks, including the establishment and expansion of local
operations and recruiting qualified Shared Services related staff in the
region. S3I has placed more than 3,300 FTE resources for clients in Lithuania
in 2008-2016. S3I is ranked #1 supplier to the top global companies with
centers in Lithuania. 
